Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi
everyone, my name is Ann Marie Ban.
Today is Friday, February the 20th, and
this is the Moneyball Morning Report.
charts by Trendpider and gamma flows by
Menthor Q. We begin with a little bit
more downside pressure, but again, it's
another inside morning. We had an inside
day yesterday. A lot of us talk about
things and we go, gosh, you know, things
were choppy. It didn't look right.
But we still tried to trade. And this is
a problem because
are you going to skate when the ice is
soft or thin? And I would say no. The
more comfortable you get trading, the
better you're going to see what
availability for
um real return looks like. And your
trade frequency will go down. if you're
looking for premium spots, right? And
that premium spot would be, hey,
everybody's in here. My risk is
relatively small and so on and so forth.
So there we have staring down the space.
Inventory
was bullish and just like yesterday,
Europe opened up and it sold right off.
And so here it is here.
That's selling at the open of Europe
yesterday and then selling today. And
they're both selling at lower highs from
February the 18th. Okay, which is
Wednesday. So on a Friday expiration,
uh all the VIX contracts have rolled.
Max Payne, which I can't go into here.
We might talk about it in one of the uh
top step coaching sessions. We'll we'll
talk about that. But max pain looks to
be somewhere around
this line in the sand 68.90.
All right. Um,
side note in the S&P 500 for future
volatility,
the traders are expecting some kind of
event here,
some kind of event and then they've sort
of flattened out here. So, that's not
really great. But this is a very
interesting observation. So today, SPX
max pain is sitting between 6861
and 6900. What does that mean? The
further away you get from those, the
more likely it is to pull back. If
we're in sideways structures and that's
where we are and that's the reason I'm
talking about max pain in the first
place. It is much stronger when we sit
in
a zone that is compressed by resistance
and support. All right. So, what's the
trade today? Well, momentum is down.
Trend is sideways. So, we should see
something else like this. So, what does
that mean? deep dips,
very likely buy zones. What am I doing?
I am looking for buying pressure sitting
around 6850. That's where I'm going to
try a long. I'm not going to try a long
anywhere else. One, I got too much going
on here for XRE. And then two, seems
like the best place. Now, could it leave
me in the dust
and jump right off of this 6860 area? Of
course, it could. Absolutely. But I
don't care. There you have it. Okay. So,
here we have this. Now, where is price
action going to tilt long
and keep staying long?
If we get above this 6905
area
where all of this supply sits 6904 6905
we could push into the flow lines that
are higher to the north. So, we have to
be very careful because a lot of traders
are getting absolutely flumxed because
they're thinking, "Hey, this is it.
We're selling off." And they'll get very
short
and they'll have to unwind their entire
trade simply because the market's not
ready to get very short. It simply is
not. We have demand sitting below 68.50
50 to 6820. We have supply sitting above
6904 to 6931.
Let's go to the NQ.
The less used a contract is for hedging
in large environments, the less likely
max pain is going to work. So, we only
talk about max pain for spy and the ES.
So, that being said,
let's get to the NQ. We just tested the
solid line of support that I thought
would be the above below line for
yesterday and look what it did.
It essentially was, but you'd have to be
very careful executing here.
It's doing it again. So, what I'm going
to do is remove the alert and leave the
ray that shows listen 24,800.
A big line in the sand. Where's the
actual demand?
It sits
just above us above this 24,700
area
and we are going to mark it off where
the clear demand lines look and that's
24,745.
Another place we'll put an alert
that zone if it gets broken value area
low is below us at 24,650.
Again, if I use words that you're like,
what does that mean? Don't even worry
about it. Just gloss it over and go,
what line is she talking about? And is
she talking about that line being an
area that gives us a relative support or
relative resistance?
That's it. Okay. Don't worry about the
gobbledygook. We sit inside of value
area. And so the tendency in value area
is to go from bottom to top, back to
bottom, back to top until something
material
changes in the outset of what the
traders are looking for. Okay, so we
still have an alert up here at 25,000.
That was where the call wall was. It
seems to have drifted higher to 25,100.
The put wall is still well below at
24,500.
And in here, we can see that value area
is also very wide. Where's the ideal buy
point? Again, bottom of the range,
24,745.
inventory is
not very skewed at all. Right?
It truly is not. Whoops. As a matter of
fact, we just left the opening range.
And so they were long and then they have
done same thing. Asia,
excuse me, Europe, Europe opens up and
they fall to the floor. Okay. So,
whatever's going on there, I don't know,
but it is what it is. So, there is the
sell zone into 24,745.
Could you buy it somewhere around the
VWAP or point of control? You could, but
it's better to let it swing away from it
and then trade towards it because of
that magnetic field that sits there.
That's that's what I would suggest.
Anyway, let's take a look at Micro
Bitcoin.
Well,
had a nice big B. Whoa. It had a nice
big bounce but right into resistance.
Right into resistance. So what does this
tell us? It's still caught in value
areas.
It is inside of
Wednesday's trading range and coming
into the VWAP right now at about 67,200.
The daily VWAP event. I have two VWAPs
plotted. One VWAP is the line that goes
through the pricing action and this VWAP
over here is the line that goes through
the time that we are here.
Okay. So,
still sitting in range.
Still sitting in range. It is breaking
out above the highs of yesterday. And
so, that's what they're testing right
now.
momentum very sharp but coming into
support. Lots of inventory here. So,
they're going to try and buy it at the
67,000.
What's the risk?
Well, 67,000 even. They're going to try
and buy it at the 67,465
zone. You can see them coming in as we
speak. Why? High of yesterday.
inventory accumulation.
And so you could buy it here, but
the risk is
actually the risk is pretty good. It's
only about 300 points below. So the risk
is not bad. Okay. Line in the sand
still.
Um
this 66,000 area. It broke it handily
yesterday but recovered. So, it's still
telling us it's a recovery zone. We need
to watch for it. Take a look at it and
say, "Hey, that's the line that's going
to divide buyers from sellers." Down
here at around 65,600,
65,800
is where they reflexively bought, but
demand is well below.
The demand zones are cluttered down here
all the way down at 63,900
to 64,560.
What's the trade? Short off the bottom.
Excuse me. Long off the bottom, short
off the top. And that's what we're
staring down. Put wall still well above
us. We don't really want to consider
those. They just they are not um they're
not really good at
giving us predictive edge. Okay, let's
take a look at oil. What's oil doing?
It's breaking out. Listen, a lot of
people are telling us, hey, look at all
the reserves. They talked about China
building up its oil reserves. They're
talking about the EIA having a lot of uh
inventory that all the noise talking
about all this inventory and guess what
keeps happening to the price of oil
keeps running up. So what does this tell
you?
The runup is not connected to what it is
that the media is talking about. So,
let's just take a look at where they're
building inventory.
Now,
they're building inventory
between 6579
and
I would say
$66.90.
So,
The buy zone is $65.80.
Could it be rolling over? Yes.
Where is value area high?
Well, we're sitting right on top of it.
We're sitting right on top of value area
high. Look at where the point of control
is. Point of control is all the way down
here at $62.38.
The VWAP for the range is $65.
So what could the traders do?
They could collapse. Take a look what's
going on here. Look at the divergence
in momentum.
And yet it is still creeping to the
north. What is this a good reminder of?
That trend is master and commander. And
if you try to take trades using just
momentum, you're going to get smashed.
You are you're gonna get clubbed.
So don't don't do it. Keep your eyes on
trend. Know that we are in a sideways
space and literally this number at 6582
is a do or die. If it fails,
the failed bounce
will very likely bring us into the VWAP.
Call wall 70,
put wall 60. So, there's a $10 range in
here. The put wall was 57.
It's now moved up to 60. The call wall
remains at 70. Still upside drift.
Lots of messy patches in here.
Be careful. This formation does not tell
us it's got a ton of bullish action. So,
if it loses 6582,
it's got to quickly recapture it or this
chart is moving to the south. value area
high sits right there
at this very big gamma line $66.50
thereabouts.
Staying underneath there
is going to start looking bearish. What
would I do here?
Well, my first inkling would be, hey,
I'm going to buy that dip if it comes
down. But my stop
will be very tight. That's the first
thing. My stop's going to be very tight.
10 15 cents max
because it needs to absolutely respond
immediately. If it does not, this is the
fade we are going to experience. Lot of
big things happening in oil. All right,
let's go to gold.
Gold
broke through our ledge at 5, 2016.
I don't think this ray was a very good
one. Um, the line.
I don't I don't like it anymore. There's
too much congestion
sitting there. Why can't it just get
away from me? All right.
Can I Can I get this line?
Nope. Keeps bumping into a gamma flow
line. All right. So, what do we have?
Bullish pressure.
Inventory accumulation that is trying to
break through. It just got up above our
big line at 560.
That was the topping formation
that we initially looked at,
right? Old resistance,
new resistance, a value area high also
up there at 5,50.
So if you're short, great. But that's a
mean reversion trade.
So, it's time to get out of that short.
If indeed you took it, or at least I
would get out of that short.
Then
we take a look at this new line here.
What's momentum doing? It's above zero.
and trend is above zero. So, dips or
buys. Could it break through this area?
Absolutely. Could break through 5,60.
Then we get 5100
and then 5130.
Trend still telling us it's updraft.
Momentum still above zero
though barely.
Let's see if it double tops or breaks
away.
That's a very organized move up above
the top here. So, I imagine a breakout
that pulls back and gives you another
shot. This is a pretty good buy zone
right here, but it is stepping in front
of downward momentum.
Let's finally look at SPY.
Okay, so max pain
for those of us that
are interested
max pain event line which is now
um let's remove the alert and remove the
ray and
remove the horizontal line because max
pain is now at
the region around
685.
Okay, so this is where max pain is
currently. So what do you do with max
pain? If you're staring it down and you
go, "Hey, I want an intraday trade
here."
You wait for price action to expand
very high and then
you can take a short spread, a short
call spread back down here where Max
Bane is. Wait for it to move away. If it
goes all the way down here, you could do
Did I say short put spread? I mean short
call spread. If it moves all the way up
here, if it moves all the way down here,
you do a short put spread back there at
the max pain event. Okay? So, just don't
go selling a hundred of these. All
right? It could fall through the
floorboard at any time.
The good thing is that the max pain is
caught in between
the gamma flows.
And when that happens,
it's usually a region that can keep us
very nicely rangebound
and allows us to collect premium. So,
looks very, very good.
So, we'll leave max pain sitting there
at 685.
We don't really need an alert there to
be honest. So, because we know it's the
line, we're looking for the regions far
away from the line to take us back to
the line. You could also take a long
call, probably less dangerous
than taking a short put in this
environment in terms of risk. You could
take a long
call or a long call spread if it gets
way far away from that max pain line and
then you can watch it revert to the
main. Today will be sticky because it's
options expiry.
I don't do max pain on Fridays. I just
simply don't. But I want you to be
familiar with what's going on. All
right, that's it.
Upper levels 688
to 690.
Put wall 675. It stayed right there.
We're right in the middle of this noise.
Uh this is our third day in this range.
Actually fourth fifth day if we count
all of the pre-market action.
Six days sitting in this range. So,
we're still coiling very tightly. I do
not know what the market is waiting on,
but they continue to hedge downside
risk. So, be careful,
watch yourself, and in the meantime,
just trade the range. Trade the range
until it breaks and keep your risk
tight. All right, everybody. Take care.
I'll see you on the streams.